README.md, before:

# ![](https://ga-dash.s3.amazonaws.com/production/assets/logo-9f88ae6c9c3871690e33280fcf557f33.png)  WEB DEVELOPMENT IMMERSIVE

# React Book Listing App

![](https://www.thebookfarminc.com/images/P/9781626171688_LG.jpg)

Let's put in some practice creating a React component from scratch.

1.  Create a new React project in this repository using the command `create-react-app book` This command will create a react app in the root of the current folder.

2.  Create a `src/components/Book.js` file that exports a basic React component.

3.  Import the `Book` component in the `App.js` file, and render it in the App component's JSX.

4.  Create a `book` object in the `App` component that has the following properties:

    *   `title`
    *   `author`
    *   `author_image_url`
    *   `description`

5.  Pass the `book` object properties into the `<Book />` element as props.

6.  In the `components/Book.js` file, use the props that were passed down to the component
    to render the data into the JSX.

7.  Create another `book` object and pass its informations as props to the `<Book />` component in the App's render() method.

8. Style your book app, don't forget to use `className` instead of `class`. Your CSS styles goes into App.css.

Final Product:

![](https://i.imgur.com/3Y3DCrU.png)

Commit message:

Updated from book app to CaseyBook

README.md, after:

# ![](https://ga-dash.s3.amazonaws.com/production/assets/logo-9f88ae6c9c3871690e33280fcf557f33.png)  WEB DEVELOPMENT IMMERSIVE

# React Book Listing App

![](https://www.thebookfarminc.com/images/P/9781626171688_LG.jpg)

Let's put in some practice creating a React component from scratch.

1.  Make a copy of your react-boilerplate folder and call it profile-page: `cp -r react-boilerplate profile-page`

2.  Create a `src/components/Profile.js` file that exports a basic React component.

3.  Import the `Profile` component in the `App.js` file, and render it in the App component's JSX.

4.  Create a `profile` object in the `App` component that has the following properties:

    *   `name`
    *   `username`
    *   `user_image_url`
    *   `profile` (whatever information you want displayed on your profile page)

5.  Pass the `profile` object properties into the `<Profile />` element as props.

6.  In the `components/Profile.js` file, use the props that were passed down to the component
    to render the data into the JSX.

7.  Create another `profile` object and pass its informations as props to the `<Profile />` component in the App's render() method.

8. Style your profile app, don't forget to use `className` instead of `class`. Your CSS styles goes into App.css. You can make your profile look however you want!
